Creatures of mythic proportions and rarely seen. They begin as randomized consciousness born into the metaphysical realms that parallels the physical. To many, this realm is both filled of chaos while simultaneously being empty voids, a place where the physical laws gain their parameters and the energy to enforce them. To most Fractaled, they're nothing more than gibberish collectives that make nothing more than random sense, like each one is being written and controlled by a monkey with a typewriter. However, just like that same scenario, there comes the occasionally infinite monkey that not only writes a story but the future without even knowing it. These are coined as Awakened Fractals, usually possessing grotesquely uncanny humanistic and physical forms, however; just as chaos cannot be predicted, so to are the forms and behaviors of these beings. These Awakened Fractals poses knowledge and powers that could only be possessed by those created from an ounce of Godseed because the truth that was randomly generated was correct at guessing and making sense of the world and its future. Yes, these creatures also contain Godseed in the metaphysical realm and are considered alive, even in there gibberish state. Its hard to wrap your head around a being that was created because it randomly got all the criteria correct and continues to live that correct criteria as its a weird thing to think about. Some think that the physical manifestation is nothing more than a puppet being driven by the instructions of the metaphysical intelligence or intelligences as there is no mana or Godseed found in these physical creatures, but they still use magic. Its also believed that just as easily as it physical form was made, these metaphysical intelligences controlling it could just as easily fall back into randomized chaos, leaving a shell behind. But because they are so rare, little is truly known about them in the world. Some speculate that all life originated from this cacophony of intelligences others figured they were mistakes formed from a long forgotten great god and others as souls of the damned.   
Physical Forms:
	Its true that the physical form itself isn't alive, but controlled on a fundamental level by the metaphysical intelligences that are the Fractaled as they only have the ability to do this in large numbers. This means the form they take can be everything from a fully functioning flesh and blood body, to that made out of material that never existed before its creation. However, they do oddly take upon themselves vague humanistic forms with at least some parts representing flesh and blood systems. Like rock as skin and oil as blood kind of deal. This is due because of the underlining structures of how this universe was created by The One of Life, the god who created the Oma Cluster, The Great Law of Intention, and the Godseed. 
The 3 Forms of balance:
	Before the creation of the Oma Cluster, The One of Life wanted a way to ensure his creation lasted, even past his death. So he ensured this by the development of Angels and Demons, however~ the third was The Fractaled. A collection of immortal intelligences that read the information of the worlds and react, if absolutely necessary, in response to it. Each one acting as a neuron as the entire collective is like a brain. Though they may be perceived as random, in a much the same way as its like watching a grand AI's neural network with hundreds of billions of connections randomly activate, its not completely random. However, delete a couple of nodes within that neural network and things do begin to get more random and fractals don't normally communicate with one another unless they're conjoin together. Sadly, this form wasn't built to last as long, when meddled with, and it began to fall apart towards the beginning of the Golden Age of Magic. Thus allowing the Great Calamity to take place. But it still tries, for the most part, to complete the task it was given. Its just, no longer nearly as effective because of its randomness and it tends to be much more of an unfeeling chaotic force in the world, then a helpful one.