Overview:
	Most of what is said in here will not be directly known or told to the audience. its a structure for a cohesive setting and events that add up to the story. Of course, the audience will be treated as another person in the present and be given false information to what everyone in the present believes. So there will be points throughout this document that can either by true or false and known or unknown. This will be told here, however; to the audience, the truth will be given much more indirectly.

The build up:
	From the beginning and born in chaos, structure was formed with physical reality following behind it. It formed the Consciousness that would choose the paths as stardust, it would form the One of Life, the true god of the world he would create. For eons, it existed, growing and learning how to create and destroy, knowing only truths. But this kept him from continuing towards enlightenment, being trapped inside the box he created, nothing more could be known unless he opened it. But how? He determined a way, he created worlds without numbers, planes of existence and dimensions to hold and display all his knowledge. He than create life in all its forms and created a law in the very fabric of all realities. The law of Binding. Granting a very small portion of himself in each living thing (known as the Godseed), he could experience life in its many forms and in return he gave them the ability to use his power in limited ways. Thus, magic was born as was the Oma Cluster the story takes place in. 