
(Overwrite, A previous passage, not canon) - I wanted to take this world that we have and turn it on its head. This way I could add magic in a sensible way and create an atmosphere of mystery and uncertainty. Within an area of about a county found within the United States, the reality of our world is pushed closer to that of one that exists in a more metaphysical sense. This causes a world in which both effect each other much more intimately, held together by a veil of flesh. -

Now I want the main Setting to take place in the Oma Cluster, where magic is much more prevalent and the universe that Arcane Punk takes place in. I have the entire magic system written in a journal, but at this point in time, magic has been disappearing from the world, replaced by electronics and machines. The Lore behind that is complicated but people can use simple spells and abilities and can use electronics to use magic as well. So its like cyberpunk levels of looking tech but with 90's retro style and understanding when it comes to the electronics. It'll take place in the Planetary Domain of the Fourth Light,  a rimworld far removed from the centralized human planer system. Meaning, they sit on the edge of the colonized planes of existence, and don't receive many visitors outside of their own domain. Think the American Colonies back in the day, but instead of an ocean dividing it from the rest of the known world, They're in completely different realities from each other instead, separated even more by the fact that multiple realities stand between them.

Domain of the Fourth Light
	This is the name of the plane this planet is on, its also the name of the planet once planetary systems were discovered over the ages. Founded and settled 3,000 years ago since the Golden Age of Magic only recently receiving 1st contact 200 years ago after the dark ages the world is filled with classical/fantasy like construction with modern influences in major cities and slight influence in towns and almost no influence in rural areas. Mostly inhabited by base humans other subspecies do reside like beastuals and elves. I'll have to come up with a good history on this world since its been around for quite a bit~ 
	
	History: Upon the discovery of this plane and subsequence planet, it was weird. Usually the planets placement is similiar in the universe it resides in to the planet that was used to travel there; however, this one exisist in a completly different area in the universe. There were rumors of strange monolithic type buildings found at the conners of the world while strange beings were reported. It was infrequent enough to be regarded as rumors and the place was settled because of its ideal living conditions such as water, food and tempertaure.
	

	
Corporeality Engine: 
	The Corporeality Engine attempted to merge the mortal planes with that of a supernatural dimension. It was not successful, only managing to closen the gap between the two and only in the area around the engine (about a county's length of land).

The effects: 
	 Usually these two dimensions are minimally effected by each other, however; due to being much closer, this has changed drastically. It's hard to describe what this metaphysical reality is like, so think of it as a place where the realms of consciousness with now physical scape but a mental one. It also causes immense amounts of feelings, like the fear of the dark, to manifest in raw flesh (Manifested Anomaly: A creature that was created, usually, through subconscious efforts of the collective. Often times through the personification of they're environments, feelings, or situations. This is close to how monsters are created, but the added effects of the Engine grants a more controlled and concentrated version, often leading to the manifestation gaining consciousness).

More on monsters and manifested:
	Because monsters are created by excess mana leaking through the body and into the environment, the lingering emotions attached to the mana combine to create physical living interpretations, mirroring the emotion. Thus monsters like shadow wolves come about due to the fear of darkness and predators. This is typical, anywhere humans might settle. So manifests are closely related to monster, but are much more warped and exaggerated. Often creating more powerful and self aware creatures.

The Order of Magic:
	>In essence, its like making a transaction with the fundamental forces that make up reality. Magic in this world could easily be described as I give X and Y should happen, where the value of X is equal to or greater than Y. However, this understanding was lost after the Great Calamity and the idea of magic was warped over the years. Now, its believed emotions drive the forces of a spell forward and can only be casted by an incantation. Which is true to some degree which will be explained further. And so, these incantations were created that follow the law of transaction in poetry form. The veil will be lifted during the story to the truth, but at the beginning, this misunderstanding is what the structure of magic looks like.  
	>Lets Explore, in more depth, what the real magic system will look like. It is very simple at its surface, but the point is to have a simple yet deep magic system (as I believe any good system is simple but contains a lot of depth). Lets talk about what you can give in a transaction. There's really 3 different categories of what can be given: Mana, anything derived of value, and energy. These things have a lot in common as mana can be seen as valuable, energy is valuable and mana is a type of energy, but for explanation purposes, we will keep them separate for now (yes, who knew transactions only really work with things of value). 
		>Mana: Its energy produced by the Godseed, the thing that connects the consciousness/spirit together to the body. (This process creates a living soul and its what creates life, all life. And so life/souls are made up of their spirt, their body and a micro part of the One of Life.) And so mana contains properties individual to each living thing, their knowledge and emotions. And so those with a fiery type of personality and an intimate understanding of fire, can use their type of mana much more effectively towards the element of fire because the mana that they're using as a transaction has more of an affinity towards it. There's also the matter of how much mana an individual can produce and store, which can vary greatly between creatures and even from one human to another. However, there can be times where certain species can contain constant genetic outcomes, like dragons tend to boast a large mana pool with little in the way of recovery. Now, what does mana have to do with the soul other than be used as a currency in magic? Its often likened unto someone's emotional/mental energy, its what drives the body to do things. So expending a lot of it can make the body feel anywhere from woozy and lethargic to even depression and suicidal if constantly depleted.  
		>Energy: There are many types of energy to be found in the world, from heat and mechanical to emotional and spiritual energies. Often times, you can use energy to achieve different things, like chemical energies being turned into mechanical energy to drive a car. So you can, often times electricity or chemical energy, is used in this world to power or be used as a constant value to be used on spells/contracts. For example, you have a device with a spell written into it that when it receives something, it glows. Usually, you have to channel mana into it to make it glow, however; with some slight changes to the spell, you can have electricity power it instead. 
		>Things of Value: this is the most broad of the three descriptions of currency. It could mean anything from a piece of ones soul to actual money that's used in market. For example a spell could be: use this gold coin bind my enemy with it. This sacrifices the gold coins value into binding someone, effectively casting a spell without any mana. With that in mind, the gold coin would be transmuted into something else less valuable but better at binding things. Than there's determining the value itself to keep in mind. That comes from mostly the viewpoint of the caster and the viewpoint of the Great Law. Within the Great Law of Magic, its given value on things that were most important, which is life and the laws that govern realities. This puts in place the difficulties of bringing the dead back to life or directly killing someone with an instant death spell as the Great Law values life (and the process of death) highly. This is also why you may change minute details of reality for a short time, but cant permanently change (Without intense circumstances) the laws that govern the world around you.
	