Backstory:
	Being a middle child always lead to getting into trouble. Head strong and immovable, even when he shouldn't be, lead to learning through experience throughout most of his upbringing. With controlling and emotionally neglectful parents, there were no healthy outlet to let the rage and unfairness leave him, he took up addictions like smoking from an early age. He usually would react on instincts and have his feelings guide his path more than reason. 

Personality Type:
	Full of Willpower and emotional intelligence, he lacks a more technical and knowledgeable mind. This can make him seem like a brute who cares. He's trying to overcome his addictions but when things get too stressful or when he is broken down, its as if he has no choice to partake in it again. He's usually the fastest to his feet and tends to speak before he thinks but he genuinely attempts to keep real relationships with people. If someone asked him to help get a cat out of a tree, he would do the most straightforward action, with consideration of how the cat and person felt.   

[[The Trials]]:
	What happens when someone becomes so brutalized their spirit breaks into a million pieces, to experience the need for death but never being granted it. This trial is the death of who he once was and trying to pick up the pieces as he's influenced by other broken spirits. Though physically, nothing has changed about him, everything has to do with how he'll deal with the immense and mind crushing stress that follows after this event. Will he fight the PTSD of the situation and push through the pain or grow cold and violent in the face of life's unfairness?