Backstory:
	With two very intelligent and successful parents that are driven in their work, there's almost an insurmountable expectation of doing the same. Perfectionist, always has to do the right thing, and never given to much of a childhood before having to look after himself. Growing up in a physically abusive household taught him to not only be strong but to never show weakness. He was quite popular and social growing up but never quite formed close connections with people.

Personality Type:
	He has great amounts of willpower and technical abilities but severe lacks emotional intelligence making him seem like a smart and arrogant protagonist. A stoic, strongman who is a charismatic god but doesn't have the best intention for others in mind often getting jealous to those who succeed at more than him. Often his actions can come off us uncaring but he is still human and does hold empathy for others and uses that to be the center of attention. He's smart, so he knows how and will manipulate people to further his goals. Very republican esc. with very classic masculine traits. He would chose the most popular decision getting the cat down the tree and than not caring after the fact. What complicates this is he tries to be a righteous individual.

[[The Trials]]:
	What happens when your greed and desire to become powerful overshadows your body to the point of sacrificing it for more power? So you preplace it with cold unfeeling metal until you yourself becomes almost robotic with no emotion found in your logic. He will be an example of why emotions are so important for being human and why the selfish desire for power is so dangerous. Will his views of righteousness deepen as he sees himself fall away like all the others in his previous life, or will he be blinded to himself as he continues to grow more powerful?