Backstory:
	This character, though I know of the danger, is loosely based off of me. I would not say its a self insert because as the story progress, they will become much more different then me. William, as he is named before the trials, is a kind, intelligent, but socially inapt individual who has been seeing the world a lot more differently - much more ideally, who grew up poor. This caused a cavity of loneliness to form inside, as he wanted love and affection, but never received it. The only one's that stayed relatively close to him were [[Kyle Hendricks]] and [[Jack Strider]]. Fascinated with the unknown and wanting to change environments was a great cause to making him leave home and move to [[Pharos's Creek]]. 

Personality Type:
	He is both emotionally and logically intelligent, but lacks a lot of willpower to drive himself to do hard things. Self aware but also blind socially leads him to follow his on code without regard to how others may perceive him. His fight throughout this story will be loneliness, as that's what his development was like and the trial will exacerbate it. He's always tired, usually wants to help innocent victims, and is fun oriented. There are times when his moods can change due to high anxiety or cynicism when he has his lows. If someone asked him to help get a cat out of a tree, he would find the most efficient way of doing so, with consideration of how the cat and person felt or he would just ignore their cry for help.

[[The Trials]]:
	>His trial is of being forcefully stripped away from the understanding of oneself as parts of his soul is stitched together to a foreign body and spirit. How do you live your life when it feels with every fiber you don't belong in this fleshy prison. I know it seems like I'm playing around with the trans woke ideas, but really its much more than that. How do you go about your life thinking you don't belong, that nothing is right in the world, that you can't even trust yourself. It's existential to wake up and find you're forcefully changing into someone you can't even recognize. She will have to develop and try to adapt to becoming a furry/women with different emotions, hormones and anatomy as her body slowly changes her soul. She will also have a great fear of water, specifically large bodies of it. With these changes however comes a much more capable body, her senses, dexterity and mind sharpened because of this new body.
	>[[The Fractaled]] or Awakened Fractal, that created this new form and enacted this ritualized transition of taking a soul, stripping him from its body and having it piolet this empty puppet took the opportunity to collect some of the corrupted Godseed at the end of the Calamity and placed it into this body. Giving it far more mana than most but with a shadowy residue to it. The Fractaled also took the liberty to rewrite Williams soul to fit in the body, while also changing his name to a new one (Fenix).      