Here we have three characters our protagonists even, in search of what anyone needs, a little adventure. - I'm thinking of a job house sitting and working at a shop for a mysterious gentleman at the [[Cabin in the Woods]] -. At first, it didn't seem like a intriguing opportunity to move far into the mountains but when weird things keep popping up about the town that they'll be staying in, this summer trip would take on more than work they figured. But I'm unsure of the of that premise with the old man and job... What would be a good way to slowly introduce them to the idea of being a keeper of the veil? I keep coming back to job but that just seems to cliche and I want to something more with how this whole story starts. At the beginning I was thinking of making it as they found the Cabin for free and was soon to be introduced to a pixie of sorts that eventually lead them down that path, only to betray them with the "[[The Trials]]" .  But it's not clicking with me anymore, call me greedy, but I want something more.

Let's change perspectives than~ why would an outside force want them to become Veil Keepers? Were they chosen/foretold since the beginning or did the stumble their way in through the door? What would be a good way to build up to the trials? What if they did stumble through the doors and that was the choice that chose them. What if the did find this house and went to live only to stumble across a weird job interview from a girl that appeared a little older than them. She doesn't think much of them; but she's lonely, can't do this by herself anymore and no one else has come through those doors. So, even with their lack of experience she slowly acclimates them to the life she lives. hmmm... its closer to what I want... What if they are there investigating and get saved by her at the end when they witness their first manifestation. That would be a more unique way of doing things. The crew/protagonists are on a road trip checking out strange places in the US when they stumble across this town, go down a little rabbit hole and bear witness there's a lot more to this town then what meets the eye. 

With the story's setting now changed to that of an Arcane Punk Rimworld, this will inevitably change what the story will be about, and especially the beginning. Its moved back to a betrayal, as that's the best way I've come up with them ending up at there trials alone. What would be a great heavy story to till if the land was under the effect of something? Should it even take place in one spot? What should be the grand plot to follow?

What I've been thinking of now is the 3 main characters don't actually know each other at the beginning of the story, but grow as brothers over time through the development through the story. The way I want to start this story is in The Origin of Worlds, the capital and origin city in this plane of existence. Reports have made it back that villages to the east have been raided by creatures of unexplained origins and it would seem that ground zero has been [[Pharos's Creek]]. Edit: I kinda like and dislike this, maybe something else is coming from Pharos's Creek instead of monsters that warrant a need to investigate. Maybe a previous investigator went missing and an advance party is sent out to try and recover this investigator. I know~ What if reports come in about a Class B War Frigate crashing down in the area near Pharos's Creek. This giant space craft fell from the sky in pieces and can be the opening shot, however, when the party gets there, they cant find any traces of it and notice even weirder things happening~ That's closer to what I want, but not quite there yet. What if a large group of different low level teams were sent as a pretense to investigate only to end up being captured and used as test subjects, food or worse. Meh~ maybe use the ship crash for something else. 
